Update configure-email-forwarding.md (#4701)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/admin/email/configure-email-forwarding.md

1. In the admin center, go to the **Users** \> **[Active users](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=834822)** page.

> 2. Select the name of the user whose email you want forwarded, then open the properties page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select the name of the user whose email you want to forward, then open the properties page.
```
